---
toc: true
layout: post
description: Personal Group Notes on Unit 3 Section 12-13
categories: [presentation]
title: Group Notes 
---
# Unit 3 Section 12-13 (test change)

## 3.12 Daily Videos
- A ***procedure*** is a named group of programming instructions that may have parameters and return values 
- Procedures can also be referred as method or function, depending on language
- ***parameters*** are input values of a procedure. ***Arguments*** specify the values of the parameters when a procedure is called

A procedure MAY (a number or boolean (true or false)) or MAY NOT return a value. 

Before a procedure, there are some basic questions we need to ask ourselves. Does it require any arguments?, or does it return any type of data? 

Examples we can show to the class
1) Moving racecar example (Video 1)
2) Drawing square example (Video 2)
3) Rouding number example (Video 1)

## 3.13 Daily Videos
- One common type of abstraction is procedural abstraction, which provides a name for a process that allows a procedure to be used only knowing what it does, not how it does it. It allows a solution to a large problem based on the solutions of smaller subproblems. 
- The subdivision of a computer program into seperate subprograms is called ***modularity***
-  Creating a procedure; What questions do I need to ask myself? 
    - What am I going to name my procedure? 
        - It should reflect the purpose of the code
    - What parameters do I need?
        - What data would I need to take in to accomplish my goal?
- What is a benefit of using procedures
    - We have the ability to alter the result without actually changing the calls to the program (for example, rounding; remember the grade rounding example from 3.13 video 2)
    - Convenient to change the actions if there is an error in the code (modularity)
        - able to break the code up and abstract what different part of the code does; helps identiy bugs, error, etc. 
        - MUCH better than reviewing code WITHOUT a procedure (you would have to look at every line by line)